Adds property baseUri on the ServiceClientOptions (#457)
Azure/ms-rest-js: Changelog.md

# Changelog

> ## 2.6.0 - (2021-08-02)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.6.0 - (2021-08-16)
```

> ## 2.6.0 - (2021-08-16)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.6.0 - (2021-08-18)
```

- Added a new property `baseUri` on the `ServiceClientOptions` that is then used to initialize the corresponding `baseUri` protected property on the `ServiceClient`.

>   - For `baseUri` that happen to be known Azure management clouds, this allows the instantiating of the `AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter` class with the right scope when a user constructs a `ServiceClient` with a `TokenCredential`. Resolves https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/15945

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For `baseUri` that happen to be known Azure resource management endpoints, this allows the instantiating of the `AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter` class with the right scope when a user constructs a `ServiceClient` with a `TokenCredential`. Resolves https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/15945
```

# Changelog

> ## 2.5.4 - (2021-07-29)

Reviewer: Since we are adding a new feature, we should increment the minor version instead.

> - Added a new property `baseUri` on the `ServiceClientOptions`, so that when a `TokenCredential` is sent to `ServiceClient`, it now automatically sets the scope of future token requests based on the `options.baseUri` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new property `baseUri` on the `ServiceClientOptions` that is then used to initialize the corresponding `baseUri` protected property on the `ServiceClient`. This allows the instantiating of the `AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter` class with the right scope when a user constructs a `ServiceClient` with a `TokenCredential`. Resolves https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/15945
```
